pages/docs/DavidYoonResume.mdx, before:

# David Yoon's Resume
Experienced Senior leader with a demonstrated history of "Getting the job done" in a competitive InfoSec and IT industry. 
Skilled in leading a diverse team of engineers and operators, but not afraid to get his hands dirty in systems engineering and project management.

### Information Security, IT Infrastructure, System Engineering, Engineering Manger, Director Information Technology

### David's Capabilities and Career Highlights
- Entrepreneurship: Built out a lean team of ITSM driven InfoSec/IT department which consists of DevOps, AppSec, GRC, IT, and SOC.
- Partnership: Performed security/technical due diligence during vendor selection process for both business services and technologies.
- Leadership: Managed multiple construction projects for buildout of head office and satellite offices.
- Communication: Delivered monthly company wide Information Security training as well as new employee security training.
- Results: Helped scale the number of employees from 40 to 120 in a single fiscal year.
- Accountability: Maintained an annual IT budget of over 3 million dollars.
- Leadership: Lead and mentored up to 15 engineers and administrators including 5 direct reports.
- Hands On: Implemented a modern IT infrastructure that tightly integrates HRIS, Okta, Jamf Pro, Google Workspace, Slack, AWS, Jira, Splunk, IaaS, and Open-Source tools.
- Creativity: Successfully merged the operation of Workplace team with InfoSec/IT team to achieve higher level of security while not compromising on user experience.
- Integrity: Oversea a creation of policies, standards, and technical controls to prepare for ISO 27001 compliance.
- Advocacy: Championed the importance of extensive documentation and ticket logging that resulted in 3000+ ITSM tickets as well as 250+ Confluence articles in a single year.
- Engineering: Implemented a modern IT infrastructure that tightly integrates HRIS, Okta, Jamf Pro, Google Workspace, Slack, AWS, Jira, Splunk, IaaS, and Open-Source tools.
- IaC: Knowledgeable in AWS ECS, EC2, VPC, ELB, RDS, Route53, CFN template.
- CI/CD: Well versed in CircleCI, GitHub Actions, Terraform.
- Client Platform Engineering: Created a zero-touch enrollment workflow for remote employee onboarding using Jamf Pro or VMware Workspace ONE.
- Ticketing: Integrated Slack to Jira Service Management for easy ticket creation from Slack to Jira ITSM ticket generation.
- Cloud Infrastructure: Built out AWS Client VPN with Okta SSO. Implemented Open-Source IaaS n8n.io for SaaS management automation tasks.
- IdP: Implemented 165 SAML and SWA SSO applications in Okta. Create automation using Okta Workflow.
- Security: Established zero trust conditional access sign on policy in Okta leveraging network zone, device trust, MFA.
- Patching: Established self-healing and auto patching software update policy using Jamf Pro and various open-source tools.
- Monitoring: Connected stream of various SaaS syslog to Splunk for anomaly detection.
- Self Service: Managed and maintained Self Service software catalog for end user lead software installations.
- Networking: Experience working with Next Gen VPN, Meraki, Ubiquiti, pfSense equipment. Setup VLAN, EAP-TLS, Radius, ACLs.

### David's Qualifications
- AWS Certified Solutions Architech 
- Apple Certified Professional Services Consultant: Enterprise Connect Engagement
- Jamf Pro 200, 300
- Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL Foundation V3)
- Apple Certified Macintosh Technician (ACMT)
- Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
- Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE)

### List of companies David work at

1. Ledn Inc.
- Employment Duration: Aug 2021 to Present
- Job Title: Director, IT Infrastructure
- Manage annual technology budget of 3+ million dollars.
- Lead 15 InfoSec/IT engineers and operators including 5 direct reports
- Manage various cloud/SaaS infrastructure build projects
- Creation of policies, standards, and technical security controls to prepare for ISO 27001 compliance

2.  Scotiabank
- Employment Duration: Jan 2020 - Aug 2021
- Job Title: Senior Infrastructure Architect 
- Management of 3000+ macOS and 25,000+ iOS devices leveraging VMWare Workspace ONE.
- Systems architecture, systems engineering, configure Zero Touch Deployment workflow, patching, client platform engineering
- Implement technical security controls on all Apple devices based on compliance and regulatory requirements 

3.  HCS Technology Group
- Employment Duration: Oct 2019 to Jan 2020
- Job Title: Senior Professional Services Consultant 
- Architect and implement systems to manage Apple devices in enterprise environment
- MDM Build Out (On-Prem Jamf Pro), Infrastructure Migration, Upgrade
- Design and implement Zero-Touch enrolment workflow, On-Prem to Cloud integration
- Deliver training to stake holders and engineers
- Deliver Professional Services Engagements to Enterprise Customers
- Past Clients: Bell Canada, Staples, KPMG, Nasdaq, University of Guelph, etc.

4.  Amaris Group
- Employment Duration: July 2018 to Oct 2019
- Job Title: Apple Professional Services Consultant 
- Design and deliver professional services engagements for enterprises, in collaboration with Apple
- Architect and implement systems to manage Apple devices in enterprise environment
- Deliver training and workshops to enterprise customers
- Engage in business development: pre-sales, pre-engagement, scoping, SoW creation, project management

5. Hootsuite Inc.
- Employment Duration: Aug 2017 to July 2018
- Job Title: Mac Systems Admin 
- Single point of contact for all aspects of supporting technology to Toronto office employees.
- Manage IT projects: Office build out and move, infrastructure upgrades
- Systems administration of various tools and infrastructure to support +1,000 employees

6. Sid Lee
- Employment Duration: Aug 2014 to July 2017
- Job Title: IT Manager

### David's Education
York University, 1997-2000, Computer Science
Humber College, 2003-2006, Jazz Performance and Composition

Commit message:

chore: modified rolse and responsibilities

pages/docs/DavidYoonResume.mdx, after:

# David Yoon's Resume
Experienced Senior leader with a demonstrated history of "Getting the job done" in a competitive InfoSec and IT industry. 
Skilled in leading a diverse team of engineers and operators, but not afraid to get his hands dirty in systems engineering and project management.

### Information Security, IT Infrastructure, System Engineering, Engineering Manger, Director Information Technology

### David's Capabilities and Career Highlights
- Entrepreneurship: Built out a lean team of ITSM driven InfoSec/IT department which consists of DevOps, AppSec, GRC, IT, and SOC.
- Partnership: Performed security/technical due diligence during vendor selection process for both business services and technologies.
- Leadership: Managed multiple construction projects for buildout of head office and satellite offices.
- Communication: Delivered monthly company wide Information Security training as well as new employee security training.
- Results: Helped scale the number of employees from 40 to 120 in a single fiscal year.
- Accountability: Maintained an annual IT budget of over 3 million dollars.
- Leadership: Lead and mentored up to 15 engineers and administrators including 5 direct reports.
- Hands On: Implemented a modern IT infrastructure that tightly integrates HRIS, Okta, Jamf Pro, Google Workspace, Slack, AWS, Jira, Splunk, IaaS, and Open-Source tools.
- Creativity: Successfully merged the operation of Workplace team with InfoSec/IT team to achieve higher level of security while not compromising on user experience.
- Integrity: Oversea a creation of policies, standards, and technical controls to prepare for ISO 27001 compliance.
- Advocacy: Championed the importance of extensive documentation and ticket logging that resulted in 3000+ ITSM tickets as well as 250+ Confluence articles in a single year.
- Engineering: Implemented a modern IT infrastructure that tightly integrates HRIS, Okta, Jamf Pro, Google Workspace, Slack, AWS, Jira, Splunk, IaaS, and Open-Source tools.
- IaC: Knowledgeable in AWS ECS, EC2, VPC, ELB, RDS, Route53, CFN template.
- CI/CD: Well versed in CircleCI, GitHub Actions, Terraform.
- Client Platform Engineering: Created a zero-touch enrollment workflow for remote employee onboarding using Jamf Pro or VMware Workspace ONE.
- Ticketing: Integrated Slack to Jira Service Management for easy ticket creation from Slack to Jira ITSM ticket generation.
- Cloud Infrastructure: Built out AWS Client VPN with Okta SSO. Implemented Open-Source IaaS n8n.io for SaaS management automation tasks.
- IdP: Implemented 165 SAML and SWA SSO applications in Okta. Create automation using Okta Workflow.
- Security: Established zero trust conditional access sign on policy in Okta leveraging network zone, device trust, MFA.
- Patching: Established self-healing and auto patching software update policy using Jamf Pro and various open-source tools.
- Monitoring: Connected stream of various SaaS syslog to Splunk for anomaly detection.
- Self Service: Managed and maintained Self Service software catalog for end user lead software installations.
- Networking: Experience working with Next Gen VPN, Meraki, Ubiquiti, pfSense equipment. Setup VLAN, EAP-TLS, Radius, ACLs.

### David's Qualifications
- AWS Certified Solutions Architech 
- Apple Certified Professional Services Consultant: Enterprise Connect Engagement
- Jamf Pro 200, 300
- Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL Foundation V3)
- Apple Certified Macintosh Technician (ACMT)
- Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
- Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE)

### List of companies David work at

1. Ledn
- Employment Duration: Aug 2021 to Present
- Job Title: Director, IT Infrastructure
- Roles and Responsibilities:
    - Manage annual technology budget of 3+ million dollars.
    - Lead 15 InfoSec/IT engineers and operators including 5 direct reports
    - Manage various cloud/SaaS infrastructure build projects
    - Creation of policies, standards, and technical security controls to prepare for ISO 27001 compliance

2. Scotiabank
- Employment Duration: Jan 2020 - Aug 2021
- Job Title: Senior Infrastructure Architect 
- Roles and Reponsibilities:
    - Management of 3000+ macOS and 25,000+ iOS devices leveraging VMWare Workspace ONE.
    - Systems architecture, systems engineering, configure Zero Touch Deployment workflow, patching, client platform engineering
    - Implement technical security controls on all Apple devices based on compliance and regulatory requirements 

3. HCS Technology Group
- Employment Duration: Oct 2019 to Jan 2020
- Job Title: Senior Professional Services Consultant
- Roles and Reponsibilities: 
    - Architect and implement systems to manage Apple devices in enterprise environment
    - MDM Build Out (On-Prem Jamf Pro), Infrastructure Migration, Upgrade
    - Design and implement Zero-Touch enrolment workflow, On-Prem to Cloud integration
    - Deliver training to stake holders and engineers
    - Deliver Professional Services Engagements to Enterprise Customers
    - Past Clients: Bell Canada, Staples, KPMG, Nasdaq, University of Guelph, etc.

4. Amaris Group
- Employment Duration: July 2018 to Oct 2019
- Job Title: Apple Professional Services Consultant 
- Roles and Reponsibilities:
    - Design and deliver professional services engagements for enterprises, in collaboration with Apple
    -Architect and implement systems to manage Apple devices in enterprise environment
    - Deliver training and workshops to enterprise customers
    - Engage in business development: pre-sales, pre-engagement, scoping, SoW creation, project management

5. Hootsuite Inc.
- Employment Duration: Aug 2017 to July 2018
- Job Title: Mac Systems Admin 
- Roles and Reponsibilities:
    - Single point of contact for all aspects of supporting technology to Toronto office employees.
    - Manage IT projects: Office build out and move, infrastructure upgrades
    - Systems administration of various tools and infrastructure to support +1,000 employees

6. Sid Lee
- Employment Duration: Aug 2014 to July 2017
- Job Title: IT Manager

### David's Education
York University, 1997-2000, Computer Science
Humber College, 2003-2006, Jazz Performance and Composition
